add Middleware, NEXTAUTH_SECRET, Deployment sections (#218)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/configuration/options.md

_e.g. `NEXTAUTH_URL=https://example.com/custom-route/api/auth`_

:::note
**We automatically detect when you deploy to [Vercel](https://vercel.com)** so **you don't have to define this variable**.
:::

### NEXTAUTH_SECRET

> Used to encrypt the NextAuth.js JWT, and to hash [E-mail one-time](/adapters/models#verification-token) tokens. This is the default value for the [`secret`](/options#secret) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to encrypt the NextAuth.js JWT, and to hash [email one-time](/adapters/models#verification-token) tokens. This is the default value for the [`secret`](/options#secret) option.
```

A random string is used to hash tokens, sign/encrypt cookies and generate cryptographic keys.

If you set [`NEXTAUTH_SECRET`](#nextauth_secret) as an environment variable, you don't have to define this option.

If no value specified specified in development (and there is no `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` variable either), it uses a hash for all configuration options, including OAuth Client ID / Secrets for entropy.

:::warning
Not providing any `secret` or `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` will throw [an error](/errors#no_secret) in production.
:::

You can quickly create a good value on the command line via this `openssl` command.

```bash
$ openssl rand -base64 32
```

:::tip

> If you rely on the default secret generation in development, you might notice JWT decryption errors, since the secret changes whenever you change your configuration. Defining a secret will make this problem go away. We will likely make this option mandatory even in development in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rely on the default secret generation in development, you might notice JWT decryption errors, since the secret changes whenever you change your configuration. Defining a secret will make this problem go away. We will likely make this option mandatory, even in development, in the future.
```

```js
jwt: {

>   // A secret to use for JWT encryption. Use `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` environment variable instead.

Reviewer: What does this mean? Shouldn't this just use `NEXTAUTH_SECERT` here then like it says?

Author: It's a legacy option and is not necessary anymore, as we derive all keys from the secret. I think to push the "happy path", I'll just remove this option. :+1:
